Riding a horse
Boarding an airplane
Fishing in a boat
Going bowling
Cutting a tree down
Birdwatching
Surfing in the ocean
Taking a bath
Playing basketball
Eating corn
Cleaning dishes
Taking a picture
Skydiving
Throwing a baseball
Filming a movie
Diving in the water
Sneezing
Drawing a picture
surfing
shaking hands
jumping in leaves
rain
a snail
listening
a bear
snoring
playing basketball
trick or treating
ice skating
a whale
stretching
a snake
flying
a firefighter
the sun
playing the piano
riding a horse
using sign language
going to sleep
a turtle
making a snowman
playing marbles
skateboarding
at the dentist
feeding goldtish
riding a broomstick
crossing the street
making a sand castle
a robot
dusting
a clown
a beard
playing tennis
raking leaves
a giraffe
putting on socks
smiling
brushing your hair
a spider
playing hopscotch
jumping rope
skiing
locking a door
using a ruler
eating something hot
peeling a banana
a torch
swimming
laughing
writing a letter
a roller coaster
dance
shark
chair
smile
happy
back
ice cream cone
clap
pinch
basketball
kangaroo
prayer
doll
balloon
stop
draw
pig
tail
ear
mosquito
skip
chicken
robot
baseball
scissors
jump
car
circle
kick
sleep
arm
elephant
spider
book
sneeze
football
Wave
turtle
monkey
toothbrush
jumping jack
alligator
head
bird
cheek
drink
airplane
pillow
dog
camera
eat
blink
point
glasses
mouth
telephone
door
baby
hopscotch
ring
peck
dentist
wig
sunburn
hair dryer
shadow
sip
pizza
cowboy
stiff
OW]
whisk
chess
gingerbread man
lung
torch
mouse trap
cramp
honk
chalk
windmill
lawn mower
stain
funny
nightmare
WaX
bathroom scale
sand
ticket
knot
Wrench
quicksand
artist
spider web
washing machine
eraser
swordfish
flamingo
mirror
gym
party
softball
cuff
sheet
iPad
fog
taxi
huddle
doghouse
president
story
spine
vest
bobsled
oar
mini blinds
jar
cast
business trip
volcano
Getting Married
Raking Leaves
Planting a Garden
Ironing clothes
Mowing the Lawn
Make a Campfire
Dancing
Singing
Sneezing
Putting a baby to bed
Changing a diaper
Reading
Taking a bath
Giving a dog' a bath
Eating
Drinking
Fishing
Golfing
SKateboarding
Surfing
Diving
Type on computer
Play Tennis
Playing on a swing
Playing Hide & Seek
Playing Duck Duck Goose
Digging a hole
Snowball Fight
Yoga
Shopping
Sneaking a Bit√© of Food
Painting
Riding a Rollercoaster
Falling Down
Gretting Stung by a Bee
Climb a Tree
Get Dressed
Toothpaste
Guitar
Drum
Airplane
camera
Glue
Leaf
Lipstick
Lunchbox
Earring
Snow
Nailpolish
Shoelace
Sun Lotion
CHAIR LEGS
BANDAGE ON HEAD
BLINDFOLD
BRACELET
BUCKET
DOLPHIN
GRANDCHILD
HANDCUFF
KEYHOLE
PILOT
SEESAW
WAVES
HANDPHONE
ARRANGE THE TABLES
PEELING A BANANA
TORCH
SWIMMING
PAINTING A ROOM
WRITING A LETTER
CLIMBING A LADDER
COOKING
TEACHING MATHS
DANCING
A PIECE OF CAKE
Bath time
Baby's first word
Morning sickness
Twins
Triplets
Cravings
Potty training
Baby's first steps
Crawling
Buckling the baby
into the car seat
Pushing the baby
in a pram
Sleepless nights
Teething
Vaccination
Rubber duck
1st birthday
Burping the baby
Finding out you're pregnant
getting up in the morning
reading a funny story
brushing your teeth
driving a car
washing your hands
eating an ice-cream cone
putting on your shoes
playing basketball
playing soccer
sleeping
reading a book
washing your hair
playing on QQ
putting on your jeans
putting on your earrings
playing soccer
drinking tea
taking a shower
washing your face
playing ping pong
throwing a ball
jumping rope (skipping)
swimming
putting on a necklace
eating noodles
looking at your watch
playing computer games
playing the piano
SHAKING HANDS
RAINFALL
SNAIL
LISTENING TO MUSIC
BEAR
SNORING
BASKETBALL
ICE SKATING
WHALE
BEDROOM
FLYING
FIREFIGHTER
SUN
DRINKING WATER
TAKING A SHOWER
DRIVING A CAR
RIDING A BIKE
SKYDIVING
WATCHING TV
SINGING A SONG
WASHING MACHINE
WATERMELON
SUNLIGHT
USE WHATSAPP
AVENGER
FIGHTING WITH A FRIEND
dancing a ballet
shopping at the mall
building a campfire
filming a movie
finger painting
ironing a shirt
having a food fight
riding a motorcycle
playing hopscotch
watering a garden
feeding the ducks
milkin a cow
rock climbing
chasing a tornado
playing four square
playing chess
sewing on a button
making a pizza
washing an elephant
playing soccer
scuba diving
sewing a dress
riding a carousel
visiting the zoo
baking bread
paddling a canoe
flipping pancakes
hailing a taxi
mowing a lawn
building a sandcastie
setting up a tent
delivering mail
sorting laundry
landing an airplane
raking leaves
playing baseball
whale watching
paddling a paddle boat